Updated freshness content + Combining configs section (#7528)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/source-configs.md

#### Configure source freshness

Use a `freshness` block to define expectations about how frequently a table is updated with new data, and to raise warnings and errors when those expectation are not met.

> dbt compares the most recent upate timestamp calculated from a column, warehouse metadata, or custom query against the current timestamp when the freshness check is running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dbt compares the most recently updated timestamp calculated from a column, warehouse metadata, or custom query against the current timestamp when the freshness check is running.
```

> You can provide one or both of `warn_after` and `error_after` parameters. If neither is provided, then dbt will not calculate freshness snapshots for the tables in this source. For more information, see [freshness](/reference/resource-properties/freshness).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can provide one or both of the `warn_after` and `error_after` parameters. If neither is provided, then dbt will not calculate freshness snapshots for the tables in this source. For more information, see [freshness](/reference/resource-properties/freshness).
```
